and I really don't care
the place that you've got water in the
oil and you should all be very very
sorry
she used to be very very sorry for the
way they operated company totally
operates its refinery
precisely I live in cancer we had the
power water and our own oil and our own
resources so welcome to fuck off
well okay this is kind of like that the
Chinese fucking toy factories back to
the counter-strike and not a single fuck
Fifi has not even a British company for
about thirty
the duck shilling
that is by the Dutch
come on
our own fault anyways for not better
regulation
they hold
they arcade zombies oh snap
yeah thanks for the bullets bro I'll
just walk it off man
oh-oh-oh
Soviet Russia both with you right Macon
screams all right so my name is Adam it
provokes rad
I am from Soviet Russia coming and I am
very good in business opportunity for
American with beautiful sister it sounds
more Italian than anything you do not
eat by five houses to him boxes what
what's the worst Russian
ha ha
I actually
put the grenade in the water
source TV is watching the here over here
over here just don't get close to the
back booth might use oh it's liar
quickly to the fail cave I'm hungry
not where I want to
I thought here am I
I'm the one by nobody
we're stuck here that works for ya
exclamation marks Talia doctor
thank you
no I do not want to be in this cage
there's three cages I heard a door
attack my doctor and hell
honest
go on that gotta get you
God hates zombies oh that's not very
nice god yeah they are pretty much
proven that this map is atrocious can we
please go to another one
one two one
I don't know about you but I feel closer
on a spiritual level almost I Love You
Man
so close to beating it but